- #[[Quick Capture]]
	 - what would it take to do it in 6 months 6 weeks then 6 hours then 6 minutes.

	 - wolverine D1C fw lunge - 10kg - 10.10.10.15 . D1 sq 40kg 5 . 50kg 5.5.5

- camera game
id:: 873bb29c-1878-4893-803d-0b25f5657397
	 - the dance
		 - of presence - I keeping eye contact and connecting with the sense of how I can lead the conversation

		 - of how I hold my body
			 - i let anxiety distract me
				 - this is a belief that I "break down" under stress and while I do it, and after I do it I feel energized, I see how I can do things better and I enjoy it. so that "shake" is natural. that fear is natural. the excitement and pleasure coming out of it are just as natural.

		 - how much I smile and when

	 - getting the camera out of the way

- when i was working out the most common thought was around me taking initiative and becoming entrepreneurial again
	 - to refuse the corporate slavery

	 - even if it means I would be "stuck" at Sighet for a few months
		 - 6 minutes sketch
			 - find the key programmer ~ 1-2h of online searching

		 - 6 hours task
			 - automate doing it such that it becomes easier to do - 1 week of trying out the programmer

			 - interface to app that let's locals talk with the shop thru whatsapp and send pictures with what they need

		 - 6 days task 
			 - teach dad, or somebody else to do it such that it becomes really easy to do

			 - MVP service desk for Big Electronic

		 - 6 weeks cycle
			 - MVP - web crawl and aggregate prices from multiple suppliers and make it easy to check the cheapest prices, quality of products or delivery time

			 - learn AI enough to categorize a picture and let the customer know if we have a certain product or not in stock

		 - 6 month initiative 
			 - sell this product to other businesses, to make it easier for them to order and check it out

		 - 6 years 
			 - make a franchise with the whole system

			 - go for the supply chain and optimize on a whole vertical

- natural networking with the companies I already applied at
	 - can I settle with myself whether I want a job again?

	 - DONE sent an e-mail to Elcom
		 - I should send on to Dimitrios https://www.linkedin.com/in/dimitrios-piliouras-b2045b57/

	 - TODO follow-up David from Griffin

	 - bowers and wilkins
		 - https://www.linkedin.com/in/simon-robinson-7a4a939/

		 - couldn't find github

	 - DONE e-mailed Flair, even if it is in the US
		 - https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1116/7826/files/Fullstack_Developer_Listing.pdf?v=1614729983

- DONE I got the offer call from VIOOH
	 - 75K / year + 10% bonus

- #[[Quick Capture]]
	 - ((4794cf37-e3d3-429e-bb16-5468f5013101)) - cue I need to do something - response - I need to do something - go for a walk to feel better- reward I feel better yet what I thought needed to be done was not done

	 - whenever I want to natural network I get tired and confused before cold emails. can I get a quick flash card that could help me more easily send them?

	 - wasn't very disciplined with the nom tracker. even if I didn't do it, its way too easy to slip into the old habit

- #[[Quick Capture]]
	 - ((00cdde94-2c64-4cc1-be8d-1904e77ae89b)) - environment - cue is getting aroused. getting to bed is resting but the act is the reward and relief. swapped by going out. sitting also makes it easier to touch myself. reduce exposure. leave phone in box. stop using twitter as it makes me feel stupid. desiring who I want to be helped resist so far. plan the harder day to be outside or social where it is too shameful to do it. the cues are in my room. plan to train a pk line on that day. I will ... at time ... do ... . remove cues.

	 - http://courses.csail.mit.edu/iap/interview/materials.php
