- The future self - 3 months
	 - proud that has stopped masturbating and that he has been on a date and has a few conversations going with women he developed a connection over the past month

	 - chose not to masturbate in the past three months, and every time he felt the urge decided to write down what would happen if he stopped doing that and replaced it with something else

	 - even writing down how it feels not to and delaying the pleasure becomes a pleasure in itself and such it becomes easier to replace the vice with a virtuous way of looking at how to satisfy what he wants and needs

- how can I get more often to knowing how to use something I've learned?
	 - e.g. when learning SQL I now see how the anti-join works, when some 

- The concern that chicks are approached by "creeps" is also a question of how average they are. "Creeps" feel too intimidated by beauty to go to the most attractive women, and they'd get prospects they'd actually like.

- ((78e8edda-362b-4346-9f31-8e18a6330161))
	 - I can afford to take a hit and go to visit my parents

	 - That I can afford to take some chess lessons from a grandmaster

- TODO prep my first 3 months at VIOOH - [[May 8th, 2021]]
	 - the work relationship sides - keep reading Help Your Boss Help You

- TODO send 15 Linkedin Messages and then cancel the subscription

- [[April 28th, 2021]] - reschedule fit-to-fly appointment

- [[April 29th, 2021]] - first BJJ class

- [[April 30th, 2021]] - flight to RO

- #[[Quick Capture]]
	 - comfort leads to stagnation. stagnation is being dead while breathing with a beating heart.

	 - the belief that learning new things every day is tiring is what leads to stagnation and feeling tired after doing nothing

	 - laying in bed is a cue to masturbate. even if I don't do it it crops in my mind. I have the willpower to resist and I don't want to have willpower as my only ally.
