- Deciding on the job
	 - Coin flip was for VIOOH and I would have wanted otherwise had it flipped for StatsBomb

	 - Black Swan non-salary guideline - StatsBomb wins
		 - Is the job for you?
			 - The wrong job is blood money, and it's never worth it. It ages you prematurely and keeps you from where you should be. Avoid the wrong job at all costs.

			 - VIOOH - gut feel is no, mind is yes as that's what I've wanted for 2 years. They already have more or less fixed sprints so this suits me well if I am to take on more clearly scoped out work

			 - StatsBomb - gut feel is yes, as I want go get better on all the Clojure and ClojureScript stack and they seem to move in a direction that would suit me better, even if the calculation on paper doesn't make sense

			 - VIOOH is better from the problem solving perspective

		 - Is the culture for you?
			 - Are they a learning culture? Do they live their values? Do they actually know their balues? How are they growing their team? How competitive are they internally?

			 - VIOOH - no, feels like almost all people I talked with there are defeated. The recruiter hates the company.

			 - StatsBomb - suits my personality better and it seems more "playful" even if it moved to a more top-down model recently.

		 - Are they for you?
			 - Who is across the table? What sense do you get for how they feel about each other and the organization? how is being there building each of their futures?
				 - VIOOH - I get a feel they don't like the organization that much, but they swallow it since it pays well
					 - when I decide to go for the money I will be together with others who make the same decision

					 - I get a sense of despair from people there

					 - VIOOH - when I asked questions about what projects I would be taking on I got fairly generic answers about the systems that lie around

					 - StatsBomb - when I asked about the work, it was closer to the work I did at Uswitch

				 - StatsBomb - I get a feel they like the company a lot more, even with the recent organizational changes.

		 - Will it build your future or keep you from it? - VIOOH
			 - when I'm 100% honest with myself I want to go for Data Engineering as it sounds good and pays well and it promises a path towards data science or dataops while I'm not doing much for the sake of it, which is the most important thing when I think about internal motivation and whether it would last.

	 - VIOOH - most of mind and some gut for, some gut against
		 - wins on impact & salary

		 - won the coin

		 - more reversible and better for the future

	 - StatsBomb - some of the mind for, some of the mind against, most of the gut for, and little gut against
		 - wins on culture and impact

		 - lost the coin

		 - might be harder to move onto bigger companies afterwards

- Accepting the VIOOH offer
	 - I got a negative reaction from my body
		 - initially I felt fear going thru me

		 - then I felt sadness and some pain on my left side

		 - I feel i relive a part of the panic attack, though I'm not sure it's because of the job or it is because of the 

	 - I don't feel accepting the StatsBomb one would have made me feel much more differently, even if it seems like a better culture. When people might not be paid as much as they think they should, are they happy enough on the job, even when
