- #onlinedating #locario-coaching [[January 17th, 2025]]
	 - send messages program
		 - direct
			 - Me. You. Drinks. When are you free?
				 - Me. You. Making drinks vanish this week. When are you free?

			 - Hey <name>. You're adorable, we should get together this week and get a drink

			 - #my-opener
				 - You and me, drinks in 3, 2, or 1 days?

		 - creative indirect
			 - So how many messages do you think we need to send each other back and forth before we decide to get together and get a drink?


			 - Hey what type of drinks do you like? If we were to go out this weekend and get a drink what type of drink would you get? My favorit is Bacardi & Coke. What's your favorite?

		 - Transition to call
			 - Hey J, let's do a call and talk for a second and set up a time to meet up. When are you free?

		 - bio ideas
			 - something talking about sex
				 - Looking forward to meeting you & getting your panties soaking wet

			 - old over/under 30
				 - To women above 30; I own a hillside in another country, have a successful career and enjoy cooking while chatting.

				 - To ladies under 30; I can down shots, know where the "G Spot" is, and know where good pool parties are.

			 - new

				 - Over 30? I own an awesome hillside with a panoramic view in Transylvania, right next to where King Charles has a plot. I chill looking at art, sipping some fine aged whisky

				 - Under 30? I'm your guy for shot nights. After that I know exactly how to play the G, C and A spots and I'm pretty good with it. Pleasure is all mine


			 - over/under
				 - Over 30? I own a superb place with panoramic view in Transylvania, right next to where King Charles has a plot. I chill looking at a fireplace, with a Highland Cooler in hand and jazz music in the background

				 - Under 30? I'm your guy for shot nights. I know exactly where the G spot is and how to give it joy with Latin rhythms

				 - girl thinking
					 - she's getting from it talking about other women

					 - you're going to treat me different based on my age?

				 - G-spot
					 - this is what I want

					 - weekly Gspot stimulation

					 - weekly dose of bodily pleasure

					 - tingle the clit

				 - TODO write about who I am
					 - speaker author

					 - lover of freedom

				 - TODO write about the experience that me and the woman are going to have together
					 - amazing orgasms on a consistent basis

				 - TODO call to action
					 - message me this word so I know you read my profile:

				 - TODO something clever
					 - I dare you to swipe right, you will fall in love with me

				 - replies that are substantial vs those that are attention seeking
					 - intention of the woman to reply what I'm saying to make something happen

					 - reply just to talk

					 - bio can catch attention, but it's not going to make it happen

			 - messages
				 - switch up the line
					 - if you want some more excitement in your life let's get together, when are you free?

			 - Tinder more overt

			 - Hinger more soft

			 - {{embed  ((fbe429ff-c20c-4dfc-b57d-b9edb956af4f))}}
