- #locario-coaching
	 - what am I looking for
		 - asked on app/call before date
			 - I decide on that for each woman after I see them

			 - profile pictures and a few texts don’t tell me much about a person to see if it’s what I’m looking for

	 - make her work for it?
		 - player artist vibe
			 - have opening for muses
				 - how can I make her earn her place as a muse?

			 - that prompt with art in stockholm and the KGB is giving me so much trouble: art? KGB? what are you talking about?
				 - Herea (18-19yo)
					 - I like your art, then I fuck her, deep throat her and cum in her throat and she swallows

					 - same girl we meet later with some other friends
						 - she and a friend do mushrooms
							 - that friend falls hallucinates on the bathroom tiling pattern and can't get it hard

						 - I don't do mushrooms and I'm "trip-sitting" and I fuck one of her friends (Loredana) instead

				 - Ieva in Vilnius (18-19yo)
					 - got lost in Vilnius at night, text the friend I stay at

					 - go ask one of three girls who were pissing on the street about which way I should go. It was at night so wanted to feel safe

					 - they just had their final high school end of year party and hanging out in their neighborhood

					 - they say they want to share a bottle of wine

					 - carried an art piece in an a supermarket shopping bag
						 - she says I look like Johnny Depp

						 - we drank a bit of wine

						 - I hit on all three, two show interest, I asked which one wants to come with me?

						 - my friend arrives, but I can't go to his place, his wife doesn't want it

					 - ask if she knows a hotel. She calls a taxi and tells the driver to take us somewhere (I could've been kidnapped by the KGB, lots of Russians in Lithuania, you never know)
						 - the driver tells her she's out of his mind and preaches to her the whole way to the hotel

						 - I pay him, we go inside

					 - I pay for the room for the night

					 - we have a shower together, eat her pussy. She didn't tell me she was having her period and there's blood on my face

					 - we go to bed and fuck

				 - 
