- #locario-coaching
	 - there should be a part when she is participating in the situation
		 - is she participating and cooperating
			 - participating in the flirting?

			 - participating in the conversation?

			 - give her room to respond and see if she's interested

		 - how are you doing, let me talk to you for a second?
			 - she has to be able to stop

			 - comes back towards you

			 - present yourself and give her to opportunity to stop
				 - is she interested in stopping?

		 - lead and introduce the circumstance
			 - she has to respond

			 - don't think about trying to find different ways to get her to comply

			 - keep it basic for now

			 - hey miss, how is going on with you today?
				 - what are you up to today?

			 - don't say anything flashy, or joke?

		 - do your green eye always make guys come to you and make comments about

	 - bio
		 - living geometries - artist (open, creative, colorful vibe),  - it's distracting, and unclear what's going on
			 - flipping the script profesionally

		 - let's get playful and uncivilized

	 - player vibe (medium interest)
		 - too many women?

		 - play off
			 - the lucky (not the good) ones

			 - then you know you're getting some low drama fun

	 - where do I think I should've cut dates off this week to not waste my time
		 - Victoria (frenchie)

		 - Magdalena ( bg )
			 - insisted on buying my drink

		 - the other BG (Sofia?)

		 - Ela
			 - second date?


			 - I have some stuff I gotta do, let's continue this later tonight?
				 - I wanna take you (gotta run to do this thing)
					 - let's meet at 9.30?

			 - next date?
				 - proposed weekend, but she said she's busy
					 - hey, check your schedule let me know when you're free?

					 - what days are you free?

					 - situation with texting
						 - hey, since you're not free this weekend, what other days are you free to get together?

						 - 

		 - Eva (frenchie) - sex disucussion - complaining about ex's

		 - Esther - dem politics bs

		 - spanish chick - as soon as she checked her watch for messages and see she wasn't responding even politely but almost ignored conversation
