- #locario-coaching
	 - call [[January 10th, 2025]]
		 - prep
			 - date with Eliza
				 - my mistakes
					 - over-enthusiastic + needy since I haven't been with somebody in a few months

					 - staying to long on small talk

					 - didn't pick on the cues

					 - talked too much

					 - simped (compliment about her eyes)

					 - banana moment
						 - maybe you can put my banana in your mouth later tonight

						 - choked
							 - thinking way too much

							 - actors
								 - storyline of the character

								 - they'll come up with a bakcstory for the villain
									 - throw out the window

									 - it's subcoscious

									 - just being in the moment

							 - practice more to get out of the thinking part

							 - get out of thinking and reacting on a subconscious level

							 - think on the feet

							 - let me think or hesitate and just be able to do

			 - difficulties talking with many women
				 - no/little night game
					 - value sleep

					 - sensory overwhelm - I can't hear what the other is saying, or if they are understand what I'm saying

				 - avoiding during the day

				 - deciding late when I want to talk so I need to run after them

				 - broaden places I talk to women
					 - speed dating events

					 - deal with a large volume

					 - for every 20 I talk to - I see one doing this

					 - create a way/system to get the result that I want
						 - online
							 - Tinder - best for hooking-up
								 - wasting time being specific with women who haven't shown interest yet

								 - throw out bait and see who catches it first

					 - present yourself and who responds to my presence
						 - don't need to say the perfect thing

					 - texting
						 - Feeld?

						 - Tinder
							 - Locario tinder bio
id:: fbe429ff-c20c-4dfc-b57d-b9edb956af4f
								 - author speaker 

								 - non-monogamous

								 - amazing orgasms on a consistent basis

							 - congruent?
								 - it has to be in me?
									 - pick one I want more

						 - conveying the vibe
							 - volume to find those women

					 - hooking up realities - as a primary thing
						 - do I end up dating?

						 - you'll meed women who want to hook up but those situation fizzle out quickly
							 - from 8, 6 will fizzle out quickly

							 - 1 might want to keep wanting to see me

							 - consistency means once a week, or at least once a week

							 - once a month, or twice a month
								 - not consistent enough for a relationship

								 - just a fuck buddy situation

					 - way to get out of hesitation
						 - have what I want to say before I even talk to her
							 - 1-2 things I usually say every time I speak

							 - Miles
								 - is there anybody in your life who would have a problem with us getting a drink?

								 - what's the thing for me?

								 - introduction?
									 - what's up?

									 - she says her name?
										 - go into what I want to say or do
											 - is she reciprocating?
												 - hit her with the number and set it up

							 - everything I do it needs to have a reason with why I say it?
								 - the why is connected to what I do 

								 - variations of the same thing?
									 - his approach
										 - approach, go straight into making something flirty and sexual about the situation
											 - why?
												 - I want to see how she responds to me about sexual about me and her

												 - based on her response I decide what to do next
													 - give compliments
														 - reason
															 - compliment in a way that's something sexual between me and her
																 - look sexy in those jeans and thinking about doing something inappropriate together

												 - respond to my compliment, or because I'm thinking of something to follow up with and lead into that?

												 - she's complimenting you based on what she wants you and her to do?

												 - create what you're saying and doing that goes with my goal

											 - feel out the girl first, that she's cool and not crazy?
												 - I'm really attracted to you - me and you should get together, but to get some drinks so you're not crazy?
													 - come up with my own stuff that comes with my agenda

													 - why do I want to hook-up

											 - think about yourself to get what you want, and if she fits in what I want and it's her reacting to me, what I want and how I want it to happen.

											 - when he hooks up
												 - I don't tell them to come straight to the "crib"

												 - get a drink first, and if everything cool

												 - facetime call? - then I might tell her to come over

											 - find what I wanna say, and implement it in what I want to say

					 - formulate what I say in first message on the app - #onlinedating
						 - 

					 - dating as the primary thing
						 - more upfront dates, and sex will move slower

					 - opportunities
						 - music events

					 - messed up the situation with Mika

			 - last year I lead too much with the wallet, to little with "game" (leading attitude, confidence and verbal skill)

			 - she still has to say the things that would make me interested in her
				 - present myself with what I'm doing to get the repsonse I'm looking for, even if it's not 100% physical attraction, either way both still have to respond a certain way to see if I go for it

			 - next week
				 - screenshots of dating app

				 - bio

				 - work on coming up with different things I can say specifically to approaching and talking

			 - my tendencies
				 - very fact based

				 - slow to read people in general

				 - somewhere on the spectrum, neuro-divergent
