- #locario-coaching
	 - salsa/social situations
		 - have a conversation about the dynamics between me and her

		 - she'll think she's more entitled to more attention because we're having sex
			 - she feels like it's ok to hang out with me and "not be in the mood"

			 - the understanding of fuck-buddy situation
				 - friction with her

		 - not much extra outside of salsa & sex

		 - extra things causes more drama

		 - keep it cordial to salsa
			 - can we hangout? chill with my friends?
				 - no, we're fucking (keep it dry)

		 - give her an inch, she takes a mile

		 - doing extra stuff she (in her mind) is simulating a relationship (bf)

	 - dating?
		 - the lines need to be drawn with what I want to do with this woman

	 - #onlinedating
		 - line
			 - Your blue and my green eyes should exchange playful glimpses over drinks.

			 - When are you free?

	 - date structure
		 - maneuver to make things smoother
			 - when she is giving resistance
				 - she's not following instructions?
					 - end it early?
						 - not necessarily

						 - give her two chances
							 - first fuckup drinks or table

							 - tell her to do something else

							 - trying to flirt and she doesn't flirt back?
								 - pushback? strike two
									 - end the date

								 - is she going to cooperate after the first strike?
									 - not being responsive to my flirting?
										 - it's too early for that
											 - I appreciate you coming out, we're going have to end it here (when she showed resistance to the kiss)

								 - doesn't matter if she's friendly, it matters if she's cooperative

					 - medium interest, coming off other "goofy" guys.

					 - if she's not feeling me, she's not listening

				 - transition to getting physical?
					 - flirting - say what I say
						 - is she responsive?
							 - yes
								 - say: hey, you like you really have soft hands (put her hands in my hands)

								 - flirt more, and keep her hand in my hand

								 - flirting escalation
									 - compliment eyes?

									 - compliment lips?

									 - grab hands, and keep them!

								 - you have some really sexy lips

								 - you've got some really soft hands, I'm going to hold it
									 - hold her hand and see if she's going to remove her hand

									 - I wonder how soft your lips really are (and go into the kiss)

							 - no
								 - only one time for being sexual
									 - let's go sit on the couch?
										 - yes -> flirting -> let me check your hands real quick
											 - she pulls her hand away -> I don't feel comfortable with you touching me
												 - end it there

												 - when she responds negatively to the escalation

						 - she's guarded? beeing out with other knuckleheads
							 - standoffish to the flirting?

							 - cooperative?
								 - she'll reciprocate to escalation

					 - sexual tension
						 - you know when you can touch when she's receptive to what I'm saying verbally
							 - giggling, smiling, blushing, reciprocating with compliments/flirting herself

							 - 

						 - is it going to happen or not?
							 - get my hand on her knee, not moving away and being stand-offish

							 - if she sits closer after I say the touchy feely thing
								 - is she being responsive to what I'm saying?
									 - escalate to touching
										 - escalate to kissing
											 - escalate to going back to my place

							 - kissing, fucking, 

		 - **Improv inspired date structure** 
			 - No boring conversation, start with imaginary fun jobs
				 - It will be alright, you made the right decision

			 - Instructions for staying close: sit right next to me, put your bag over there.
				 - Listen! how am I supposed to get touchy feely with you if you’re going to stay all the way there?

			 - Girl resistance - not into me? Or not cooperative?

			 - Sexual tension
				 - Buildup, display you’re not the boyfriend type

		 - What are you looking for my for?
			 - The one with home I will share 1000 orgasms with

		 - flirting compliment what I want
			 - **Flirting and telling what I want**

			 - **Kissing**

			 - Compliment
				 - Your lips look appetising

			 - Flirting
				 - I know girls with lips like yours have full lips and are skilled, passionate kissers

			 - Telling what I want
				 - Close your eyes, I’m about to kiss you

				 - (Can play with her hair before)

			 - Telling what I want
				 - I think our lips should enjoy each other’s texture and rhythm. Close your eyes I’m about to kiss you.

			 - **My prolonged Silence**
				 - I love how you react to my confident silence.

			 - Make the compliment not about her but about myself and what we can do together

	 - flirting program
		 - **What do I want and what am I about**

		 - Example last year with salsa privates tricking
			 - I’m about doing all this so that I can get some company and improve my salsa, and maybe some sex

		 - Locario’s lines
			 - He’s about getting together

			 - He’s about getting down to it

			 - He’s about being playful

			 - He’s about finding out if she’s available

		 - Miles lines
			 - is there anybody in your life who would have a problem with us getting a drink?
				 - About getting together and seeing if there are no obstacles

		 - Lines

		 - Passed by you a moment ago.

		 - There was something attractive about you so I decided to talk to you to find out more

		 - Easy

		 - Playful - not necessarily with a serious tone
			 - You had one of the prettiest eyes I’ve seen in the past hour so I want to go for drinks with you

			 - 

		 - Bold
			 - Girls whose walking I like: You had a sexy way of walking and, no disrespect but I want get naked with you in the coming weeks
				 - About getting down to it

			 - Girls with leggings I like: - I mean no disrespect, but was checking out your legs and I think we should go out for drinks

			 - Passed by you and I felt attracted to something about you. I think we should get drinks sometime. My banks is Simion

		 - When she’s hesitating, not engaging, or changing my plan in any way, eg wants to change the place, change the table I propose, wants to pay when I said we split - tell her I’m not sure were going to hit it off and leave
