- [[January 31st, 2025]]
	 - #locario-coaching
		 - scheduling & energy
			 - one didn’t like that I confirme with “game on for time at
				 - should’ve said are we game for tomorrow instead

				 - she flaked

			 - setting up
				 - this place, this time, this date

				 - where can I fit in

				 - fit as many out throughout the week

			 - managing it all
				 - can ai make agents that scan the apps and WhatsApp, check update with every reply what was scheduled, then notify me

			 - problem 1 - not enough girls respond

			 - problem 2 - multiple want on the same day

			 - problem 3 - some reply for after a while, others reply later to confirm and now I feel there are too many

			 - problem 4 - I’m book with about what I’m comfortable handling this week and I get more matches that want this week, do I go for next week?
				 - I get a sense that those that are enthusiastic about later in the week have already been passed on by other guys they wanted so basically I was the next in line that they don’t want to pass on

			 - problem 5 - I hate going back and forth to check which ones are on which days and times and I tell them to text what day and time we discussed (my compliance test?)

			 - how do I keep booking and confirming?

			 - how do I find what works for me to not waste too much time and energy?

			 - how do you manage your energy of how many you can handle, and how many you can handle well?
				 - same like bjj and salsa?
					 - as much as I can physically fit in?

			 - some will annoy me (the one I didn’t vibe with I just showed a careless side) and don’t want to carry feeling I have failed from the previous ones

			 - do I take my time before I reply on WhatsApp until I have more that move there and respond fast (show high interest) such that I can confirm with the first ones that I’m doing it
				 - do I change my plans to fit them or do they change theirs to fit me?

			 - days when I’m having something scheduled but I think I can squeeze in
				 - mondays

				 - thursdays

				 - I don’t like that I have to change my plans to allow them to get my time, especially when I have things planned that I cannot change 

				 - 6.30 - earlier date last time 
					 - one I did two in a day

					 - first one was bad

					 - second one was better

				 - the one after salsa
					 - wasn’t feeling the salsa so I squeezed it in for same day date

		 - new lines
			 - for within next 3 days, loking for a lover of spontaneity, free tonight or tomorrow?

		 - conversation topics & skills
			 - demeanors
				 - I don't have to answer all the questions, they often refuse or change the subject when I ask something
					 - them answering doesn't always mean they are interested, receptive or reciprocating

					 - 

			 - job - I'm a pro, work in tech, but don't think it's the time and place to go into that, unless you have a contract for me.

			 - art - I love talking about aesthetic experiences and sharing them. I certainly want a woman that is supportive of that, and at some point she can be my muse. 
				 - 

			 - casual vs relationship

				 - vet casual program

				 - 

				 - tell me you want to be in a relationship with somebody you aren't physically attracted to

				 - If she asks before I kiss, I'm sharing what works for me when I see you're into me and thinking about fucking me

				 - what works well for me from my experience (give it to them with a calm, even pleasantly direct, take it or leave it attitude, as they need to make their mind about doing what I tell them)
					 - casual
						 - orgasmic
							 - 

						 - catching feelings
							 - leading the conversation 
								 - let’s see if I can have this kind of conversation with you. if we can be honest about this then there’s potential

							 - not as much catching feelings as much as it’s catching expectations and wanting more
								 - and very much is an expectation for reciprocation of one of us wanting something beyond just being physical

							 - basic respect and giving the other the choice
								 - respect when there is closeness and respect when you want distance

								 - when you don’t feel it be honest about it, don’t ghost
									 - just say you’re not feeling it

						 - contrast with their current situationshippy casual
							 - 

					 - free spirit/relating
						 - 
